DOC: add example & prose of slicing with labels when index has duplicate labels (#36814)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/indexing.rst

For the rationale behind this behavior, see
:ref:`Endpoints are inclusive <advanced.endpoints_are_inclusive>`.

.. ipython:: python

   s = pd.Series(list('abcdef'), index=[0, 3, 2, 5, 4, 2])
   s.loc[3:5]

> Also, if the index has duplicate labels *and* either the start or the stop labels is dupulicate labels,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, if the index has duplicate labels *and* either the start or the stop label is duplicated,
```

Author: Thanks! Done.

> an error will be raised. For instance, in the above example, ``s.loc[2:5]`` would raise ``KeyError``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an error will be raised. For instance, in the above example, ``s.loc[2:5]`` would raise a ``KeyError``.
```

Author: Done.
